from 20th Century Fox know it's hard
moving all the time and that's part of
my job she was the new kid I already
have a picture in a town were even
neighbors were strangers people in AO
maybes do rely on each other till the
day she made a simple wish it's not too
much trouble my friend you always tell
me that we should help those who are
less fortunate fortunate from acclaimed
director Wayne way
Gertrude the carrot fella like dogs
that's crazy
and the celebrated best-selling book
[Music]
can anyone teach us to love one another
Jeff Daniels isn't a dog it's a horse
Cicely Tyson he's show love peanut
butter Dave Matthews I was just playing
for the animals they seem to like it Wow
Eva Marie Saint it's a big swing Dixie
that dog is smiling at me and
introducing annasophia robb don't you
love a dog with a sense of humor
discover what can happen when you go
looking for a miracle Stan just isn't
the same and the miracle comes looking
for you everything good that happened
that summer after because of well you
know
[Music]